Updated changelog of 2.9.0 beta2 (#6486)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

### Changelog
[Changes between v2.9.0-beta.1 and v2.9.0-beta.2](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/compare/v2.9.0-beta.1...v2.9.0-beta.2)

#### Known issues :bangbang:

> - Telemetry stops working due to internal deadlock. 

Author: @RingerJK , @LukasPaczos , do you think we need to mention that?

Reviewer: seems it's not the issue, `CORESDK-1401`
`False alarm (misusage of the telemetry object instantiation).` cc @brunoabinader

- Fixed false detection of passed alternatives that led to their removal. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
- Improved route matching. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
- Updated `LocationMatcherResult#zLevel`, `LocationMatcherResult#road` to have no values during `RouteProgressState#OFF_ROUTE` state. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

> - Fixed crash when user selects Disagree in Telemetry Settings dialog. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed crash that occurred when user selected Disagree in Telemetry Settings dialog from the map info screen. [#6464](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6464)
```
